2/6/201 Hierarchy And Gameplan

Hello, and welcome to Chapter One. 

We will begin by setting up the filesystem. First, it 
is important to note that we need a "main" file to run. 
In this case, you can call it whatever you want, but I
recommend "factory.py".

However, writing ALL our code in one file is really messy
and confusing. Therefore, we split it up!

The two assistant programs we will need are the property 
manager and the finance manager. The property manager 
manages your machines and the employees. The financial
manager will manage your money, machine repair costs, and 
employee wages. 

We will also need the machine classes. Since we will have multiple
machines and they will all have some properties in common, we will
create a base class for the machines. Likewise, I have created a base 
class for your "main" file. This will allow you to run and loop the code 
properly. Think of your "main" file as the robot.py file we run to
run the robot code, and my base class as the TimedRobot class, which
our KryptonBot class inherits from. 

Lastly, we will need a constants file. This allows us to create global
variables which can be used throughout the code. This constants file
and my base factory class are both located in the "resources" folder. 

So, let's begin: 

VOCAB: 
Project directory = The folder that is named after you! For example, "benb".
File hierarchy = The order of folders, subfolders, and files. 

1. Begin by copying the resources folder in the current directory to your 
project's directory. The path of it should then be:

"PyProjects\projects\the_factory\programs\YOUR_NAME\resources"

2. In your project directory, create a folder called "machines". Here, we 
will host the base machine class, as well as the other unique machine classes. 

3. Next, create your "main" file if you have not already. Again, I recommend 
"factory.py", but if you have a better name, go right ahead!

4. Lastly, create both of the manager files (finance manager and property manager). 
The names of these files is up to you!

Once your finished, your file hierarchy should look like this:

YOUR_NAME:
|  machines/
|  resources/
|     basefactory.py
|     constants.py
|  factory.py
|  financemanager.py
|  propertymanager.py

Once, your filesystem is similar to the one above, chapter one is complete! 

In chapter two, we will look at our "main" file and its class.